Zenodo fixes (#162)
echemdb/electrochemistry-data: claude.md

- For existing tag nodes, update tag text in place and keep comma-separated format.
- Run `pixi run -e dev validate-input` after bulk edits.

## News Files (Changelog Fragments)

> Every PR **must** add a news file under `doc/news/`. These fragments are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each PR **must** add a separate news file under `doc/news/`. These fragments are
```

> assembled into the `ChangeLog` at release time by `rever` (see `rever.xsh`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
handled automatically at release time.
```
I think is rever is no concern for the review?

Author: agree. lets see how this performs in the next run
